README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://sylius.com" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://demo.sylius.com/assets/shop/img/logo.png" />
    </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Back in Stock Notification Plugin</h1>

<p align="center">Plugin that add the possibility to receive an email notification when a product return in stock</p>

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/webgriffe/SyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin/actions"><img src="https://github.com/webgriffe/SyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin/workflows/Build/badge.svg" alt="Build Status" /></a></p>

## Features

### Subscribe to get a Notification when a product return in stock

![Subscription process for configurable product](subscriprion_process.gif)

![Subscription for simple product](simple_product.png)

### View your subscriptions in the apposite section of your account

![See the apposite section in the my account](my_account_section.png)

### View your client subscriptions in the apposite admin section

![See the apposite section in the admin account](admin_account_section.png)

## Requirements

* PHP `^8.0`
* Sylius `^1.11.2`

## Installation

1. Run `composer require webgriffe/sylius-back-in-stock-notification-plugin`.

2. Add the plugin to the `config/bundles.php` file:

```php
Webgriffe\SyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin\WebgriffeSyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin::class => ['all' => true],
```

3. Import the plugin routes by creating a file in `config/routes/webgriffe_sylius_back_in_stock_notification_plugin.yaml` with the follwing content:

```yaml
webgriffe_sylius_back_in_stock_notification_plugin:
  resource: "@WebgriffeSyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin/Resources/config/routing.yaml"
```

4. Import required config in your `config/packages/webgriffe_sylius_back_in_stock_notification_plugin.yaml` file:

```yaml
imports:
   - { resource: "@WebgriffeSyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin/Resources/config/app/config.yaml" }
```

5. Finish the installation by updating the database schema and installing assets:

```bash
bin/console doctrine:migrations:diff
bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
bin/console assets:install
bin/console sylius:theme:assets:install
```

## Configuration

This module send mail using a Symfony Command. Unfortunately, the command line context does not know about your VirtualHost or domain name. To fix this, you need to configure the “request context”, which is a fancy way of saying that you need to configure your environment so that it knows what URL it should use when generating URLs. For further information you can see [Symfony Documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/2.6/cookbook/console/sending_emails.html).

1. Edit the `config/services.yml` file by adding the following content:

```yaml
parameters:
    router.request_context.host: example.org
    router.request_context.scheme: https
```

2. As said early this module provide a command that check the stock of the product. You have to set the command `bin/console webgriffe:back-in-stock-notification:alert` in the crontab, once a day is enough:

```bash
0 12 * * * <absolute-php-path> <absolute-path-to-sylius-dir>/bin/console webgriffe:back-in-stock-notification:alert
```

## Optional Configuration

If you want to use our Behat defined steps you have to include our Behat class in your autoloader-dev. To achieve this adds the following line to your `composer.json`:

```json
"autoload-dev": {
    "psr-4": {
      "Tests\\Webgriffe\\SyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin\\": "vendor/webgriffe/sylius-back-in-stock-notification-plugin/tests/"
    }
},
```

## Contributing

To contribute to this plugin clone this repository, create a branch for your feature or bugfix, do your changes and then make sure al tests are passing.

```bash
(cd tests/Application && yarn install)
(cd tests/Application && yarn build)
(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=test bin/console assets:install public)

(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=test bin/console doctrine:database:create)
(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=test bin/console doctrine:schema:create)
```

To be able to setup a plugin's database, remember to configure you database credentials in `tests/Application/.env` and `tests/Application/.env.test`.

### Running plugin tests

#### PHPUnit

```bash
vendor/bin/phpunit
```

#### PHPSpec

```bash
vendor/bin/phpspec run
```

#### Behat (non-JS scenarios)

```bash
vendor/bin/behat --strict --tags="~@javascript"
```

#### Behat (JS scenarios)

1. [Install Symfony CLI command](https://symfony.com/download).
    
2. Start Headless Chrome:

```bash
google-chrome-stable --enable-automation --disable-background-networking --no-default-browser-check --no-first-run --disable-popup-blocking --disable-default-apps --allow-insecure-localhost --disable-translate --disable-extensions --no-sandbox --enable-features=Metal --headless --remote-debugging-port=9222 --window-size=2880,1800 --proxy-server='direct://' --proxy-bypass-list='*' http://127.0.0.1
```

3. Install SSL certificates (only once needed) and run test application's webserver on `127.0.0.1:8080`:

```bash
symfony server:ca:install
APP_ENV=test symfony server:start --port=8080 --dir=tests/Application/public --daemon
```

4. Run Behat:

```bash
vendor/bin/behat --strict --tags="@javascript"
```
  
#### Static Analysis

##### Psalm

```bash
vendor/bin/psalm
```

##### PHPStan

```bash
vendor/bin/phpstan analyse -c phpstan.neon -l max src/
```

##### Coding Standard

```bash
vendor/bin/ecs check src
```

### Opening Sylius with your plugin

- Using `test` environment:

```bash
(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=test bin/console sylius:fixtures:load)
APP_ENV=test symfony server:start --port=8080 --dir=tests/Application/public --daemon
```

- Using `dev` environment:

```bash
(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=dev bin/console sylius:fixtures:load)
APP_ENV=dev symfony server:start --port=8080 --dir=tests/Application/public --daemon
```

## License

This plugin is under the MIT license. See the complete license in the LICENSE file.

## Credits

Developed by [Webgriffe®](http://www.webgriffe.com/).

Commit message:

Load the hostname from the channel context

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://sylius.com" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://demo.sylius.com/assets/shop/img/logo.png" />
    </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Back in Stock Notification Plugin</h1>

<p align="center">Plugin that add the possibility to receive an email notification when a product return in stock</p>

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/webgriffe/SyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin/actions"><img src="https://github.com/webgriffe/SyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin/workflows/Build/badge.svg" alt="Build Status" /></a></p>

## Features

### Subscribe to get a Notification when a product return in stock

![Subscription process for configurable product](subscriprion_process.gif)

![Subscription for simple product](simple_product.png)

### View your subscriptions in the apposite section of your account

![See the apposite section in the my account](my_account_section.png)

### View your client subscriptions in the apposite admin section

![See the apposite section in the admin account](admin_account_section.png)

## Requirements

* PHP `^8.0`
* Sylius `^1.11.2`

## Installation

1. Run `composer require webgriffe/sylius-back-in-stock-notification-plugin`.

2. Add the plugin to the `config/bundles.php` file:

```php
Webgriffe\SyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin\WebgriffeSyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin::class => ['all' => true],
```

3. Import the plugin routes by creating a file in `config/routes/webgriffe_sylius_back_in_stock_notification_plugin.yaml` with the follwing content:

```yaml
webgriffe_sylius_back_in_stock_notification_plugin:
  resource: "@WebgriffeSyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin/Resources/config/routing.yaml"
```

4. Import required config in your `config/packages/webgriffe_sylius_back_in_stock_notification_plugin.yaml` file:

```yaml
imports:
   - { resource: "@WebgriffeSyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin/Resources/config/app/config.yaml" }
```

5. Finish the installation by updating the database schema and installing assets:

```bash
bin/console doctrine:migrations:diff
bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
bin/console assets:install
bin/console sylius:theme:assets:install
```

## Configuration

This module sends mail using a Symfony Command. Unfortunately, the command line context does not know about your VirtualHost or domain name. To fix this, the Command loads the hostname from the Subscription's channel, if nothing set it defaults to `localhost`. In console commands, URLs use http by default. You can change this globally with these configuration parameters:

1. Edit the `config/services.yml` file by adding the following content:

```yaml
parameters:
    router.request_context.scheme: https
```

2. As said early this module provides a command that check the stock of the product. You have to set the command `bin/console webgriffe:back-in-stock-notification:alert` in the crontab, once a day is enough:

```bash
0 12 * * * <absolute-php-path> <absolute-path-to-sylius-dir>/bin/console webgriffe:back-in-stock-notification:alert
```

## Optional Configuration

If you want to use our Behat defined steps you have to include our Behat class in your autoloader-dev. To achieve this adds the following line to your `composer.json`:

```json
"autoload-dev": {
    "psr-4": {
      "Tests\\Webgriffe\\SyliusBackInStockNotificationPlugin\\": "vendor/webgriffe/sylius-back-in-stock-notification-plugin/tests/"
    }
},
```

## Contributing

To contribute to this plugin clone this repository, create a branch for your feature or bugfix, do your changes and then make sure al tests are passing.

```bash
(cd tests/Application && yarn install)
(cd tests/Application && yarn build)
(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=test bin/console assets:install public)

(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=test bin/console doctrine:database:create)
(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=test bin/console doctrine:schema:create)
```

To be able to setup a plugin's database, remember to configure you database credentials in `tests/Application/.env` and `tests/Application/.env.test`.

### Running plugin tests

#### PHPUnit

```bash
vendor/bin/phpunit
```

#### PHPSpec

```bash
vendor/bin/phpspec run
```

#### Behat (non-JS scenarios)

```bash
vendor/bin/behat --strict --tags="~@javascript"
```

#### Behat (JS scenarios)

1. [Install Symfony CLI command](https://symfony.com/download).
    
2. Start Headless Chrome:

```bash
google-chrome-stable --enable-automation --disable-background-networking --no-default-browser-check --no-first-run --disable-popup-blocking --disable-default-apps --allow-insecure-localhost --disable-translate --disable-extensions --no-sandbox --enable-features=Metal --headless --remote-debugging-port=9222 --window-size=2880,1800 --proxy-server='direct://' --proxy-bypass-list='*' http://127.0.0.1
```

3. Install SSL certificates (only once needed) and run test application's webserver on `127.0.0.1:8080`:

```bash
symfony server:ca:install
APP_ENV=test symfony server:start --port=8080 --dir=tests/Application/public --daemon
```

4. Run Behat:

```bash
vendor/bin/behat --strict --tags="@javascript"
```
  
#### Static Analysis

##### Psalm

```bash
vendor/bin/psalm
```

##### PHPStan

```bash
vendor/bin/phpstan analyse -c phpstan.neon -l max src/
```

##### Coding Standard

```bash
vendor/bin/ecs check src
```

### Opening Sylius with your plugin

- Using `test` environment:

```bash
(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=test bin/console sylius:fixtures:load)
APP_ENV=test symfony server:start --port=8080 --dir=tests/Application/public --daemon
```

- Using `dev` environment:

```bash
(cd tests/Application && APP_ENV=dev bin/console sylius:fixtures:load)
APP_ENV=dev symfony server:start --dir=tests/Application/public --daemon
```

## License

This plugin is under the MIT license. See the complete license in the LICENSE file.

## Credits

Developed by [Webgriffe®](http://www.webgriffe.com/).
